# 🤠 My Adventure Starts Here ...

In this AI things era. The AI is getting smarter but most of us, **SADLY NOT**! Instead of learning the things, many of us leaning to the AI to giving answers about our problems. By the end of the day, we get nothing but short memories that enforce us to ask again and again about something that we have previously asked. This will improve the AI, but not us as human.

AI is good, they said. But for whom? AI is good when it is used wisely. When it is used to boost your productivity, not replacing your responsibility. Responsibility to learn new things, to improve your knowledge and to improve your understanding.

This project aims to help musceling my brain to keep being sharped in the middle of these AI things. This project will also be my diary.

I will share bad and good experiences as a data analyst, employee and as a tutor in a bootcamp too. Read it if you feel suck and may Allah bless you always. Aamiin.

As a wise said: Kawan dan Lawan adalah orang yang berjasa dalam hidup kita. Kawan memberikan pengalaman baik, bagaimana hidup dijalani dengan saling membantu, saling mendukung. Lawan memberikan pelajaran yang baik, bagaimana untuk tetap bertahan hidup ketika dijatuhkan, dicekal, dihantam, dan dipukul keras.

# My Best Experiences ...

In September 2019, I started my carreer as a data guy! 🎉. This marks my journey when I truly find my passion in data, programming where I always feel so happy when I can do something magically. Turns out, I am not only getting my first profesional job. I get my dream coworkers/colleagues. Everyone in there is simply very kind. Teach me from A - Z without judging my capability. My first place to learn data is really a dream place to learn. They are supportive yet very humble. Everytime I asked my direct lead will patiently explain, my cooleagues will patiently show me the answer. No judge, no harsh, no hate. Best learning experience ever!

In October 2022, I finally moved to my **dream company**. In the name of Allah, I really said this. I pray many times in the hope of joining this company. A lot a lot a lot good experiences happened here. I met many profesional partners. If in my previous company, they teach me from A-Z in the beginning, in my dream company we discussed in equal manner since day one. No one superior than others, but no one should lack of knowledge. We were paid very well compared to local market. We pushed to be an expert no matter what. We have to adjust in a very short time. We have to execute everything as fast as possible with almost zero error. When the error comes? We have to gently acknowledge it as ours, propose the solution, and execute fast. When problem comes? Go fix it, no need to ask. Inform the leader later as long as it is your domain! But as Allah said, your dream may not the best suite for you. I parted away after 1 year of service. Happy experience, happy ending. Thank you!

Plenty of them. I will write them again later...

# My Worst Experiences ...

In around 2020, I met a "crazy" woman! I bluntly show my hate toward this person. Currently (November 2025), there are 5 people in the world that I flag as super red flag "human", and she is one of it! This person will not learn anything new, even if it is related to her job. She will definitely put everything on your shoulder! This person will not listen to you no matter what. But if the boss (the leaders) suggests what you suggested earlier to her, she will be the one who feel so crazy about it as if it is a brand new solution and it must be implemented as soon as possible! She will spam you about taht suggestions and must be implemented as soon as possible. CRAZY! The last crazy things this woman ever did is that she will lightly put blame toward me (I will not use you instead of me since different people may have different experience). One day, we developed a dashboard for field team, and there is a complaint from the field team about the dashboard. And you know what, she directly email me ccing his boss and my boss, and lightly point the finger on me. LIKE HELL! First of all, the dashboard template comes from her. I built based on her requirements after she interviewed the field team. Before getting released, there is always one stage named UAT (User Acceptance Test) to conduct a test, to check the requirements fulfillment and to seek approval from the users who requested the dashboard. On the UAT, she clearly gave her thumbsup with comment: "Udah oke kok dari aku (All good from my end)!". Dammmnnn, SO CRAZY! I hope I will not meet this person ever again!

In November 2025, I met someone graduated from a "reputable" university, computer science is his major. He debated me about why str class in Python can use + operator, but we can't say it as a mathematical operation. In my brain I kept asking, is this something that he learned from his university that "5" + "5" = "55" is a mathematical operation? Maybe this person feels so superior since he was graduated from a computer science. He debated almost everything where he gets wrong answer (he is a participant of a bootcamp). He even asked why statement of "string is a collection of ordered data" is a wrong statement. String itself is a scalar, a single data, not a collection of data. So calling it as a collection of data is wrong by itself. String is a collection of character not data since a string means a single data in pythong data types. But his focus from beginning even KBBI (which is really weird for a computer science student). Maybe next time he will say that a = 5 is wrong based on KBBI. The worst part from this person is that, he keeps demanding people to acknowledge his statement. He told me giving a justification when I was apologizing (two out of the quizes are wrong due to my fault not double triple checking the phrases and sentences used! I am not a perfect.), and even ask me to shut my mouth up! When I replied to his message, he said "I don't want to argue". But, when I remain silence, he keeps arguing with other person and even ignores other participants that asked him to quit since he was flooding the room. PS: even someone asked him to write a novel. **Worst experience ever**! I got a bit traumatized to teach other people due to this. LOLS.

Some of the story is long forgotten, will update once I remembered one.
